
The COVID-19 pandemic originated with a cluster of mysterious, suspected pneumonia cases in the city of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei, China. A Wuhan hospital notified the local center for disease control and prevention (CDC) and health commissions on 27 December 2019. On 31 December, the Wuhan CDC disclosed to the media that there was a cluster of unknown pneumonia cases related to Huanan Seafood Market after the unverified documents appeared on the Internet. The potential disease outbreak soon drew nationwide attention including that of the National Health Commission (NHC) in Beijing who sent experts to Wuhan on the following day. Chinese authorities formally notified the World Health Organisation on this same day.On 8 January, a new coronavirus was identified as the cause of the pneumonia. The sequence of the virus was soon published on an open-access database.

Public and media criticism has labelled responses by the Wuhan and Hubei authorities as delayed and as failing to contain the outbreak in its early stage.By 29 January, the virus spread to all provinces of mainland China. All provinces of mainland China initiated the highest response level to public health emergency. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak a "Public Health Emergency of International Concern" on 31 January, citing reasons of spread in other countries, particularly those without robust healthcare systems. 
The Chinese government may have censored discussions about the outbreak since the beginning of its spread. On 25 January, Chinese Communist Party General Secretary Xi Jinping warned about a "grave situation" facing China. The Party Politburo formed a special leading group for epidemic control, led by Premier Li Keqiang. The 25 January Chinese New Year celebrations were cancelled. Passengers across the country have been checked for their temperatures. Commands for epidemic control (CEC) have been formed in different regions including Wuhan and Hubei. Many inter-province bus services and railway services have been suspended. By 29 January, all Hubei cities were quarantined. Curfew laws were implemented in Huanggang, Wenzhou, and other mainland cities. In February 2020, the region also saw a huge shortage of face masks and other protective gear despite itself being the world's manufacturing hub for these products. Other countries donated medical supplies to help China deal with the epidemic.
On 25 February, the number of newly confirmed cases outside mainland China exceeded those from within for the first time; the WHO praised the effectiveness of measures taken in the country.By 6 March the reported number of new cases had dropped to well fewer than 100 nationally per day, down from thousands per day at the height of the crisis. On 13 March, the number of newly imported cases passed the number of domestically transmitted new cases for the first time.
