1. We Are Getting Sufficient Sleep:
When we don’t have to commute long distances to get to work or have to get the kids ready for school on time, we can get a little more sleep. Even an extra hour of sleep could mean seven hours instead of six, which makes a big difference to our health. In the evening too, as people don’t have to get home late, it is possible to get to bed a little earlier and get more rest.
2. Eating Healthy Home Cooked Food:
Not only are we stuck at home, but most restaurants and delivery services have stopped. Many of us have also become cautious about eating outside food because we don’t want to catch COVID-19. As a result, more of us are eating home-cooked food. Home cooking usually uses less oil, fresh ingredients, and little to no processed foods, making it a healthier option than eating out.

3. Time To Workout:
The extra time on our hands and the worry of gaining weight has prompted many people to start working out at home. From yoga and meditation to energetic Zumba sessions, people all over the world are getting creative with their home workouts. This is also a fun activity because the whole family can join in and stay healthy together.

4. Home Care:
With domestic help also needing to stay home, we find ourselves needing to do our own housework. This is a good thing for several reasons. Housework is one of the most productive ways to keep busy and not get bored. You are personally invested when you are cleaning your own home so you do a much better job. You find things that you haven’t used in a long time and can take the call to throw them out. And you end up with a much cleaner living space. Sweeping, mopping, dusting, and cleaning cobwebs are all ways to keep active and burn extra calories.

5. Family Time:
With parents working from home and kids not having to go to school, this is the best time to bond as a family. As parents get involved in home-schooling, they start to understand what their kids are learning in school, what their difficulties are, and how they can help them. Families also have more time to do fun stuff together like play board games, cook meals, do arts and crafts, and much more. This time together is a great way to relieve stress and improve mental health.

6.Driving less = less pollution. Not only are we saving money on gas (or electricity for my plug-in), but we aren’t polluting as much, and the Southern California traffic has been lighter and the air cleaner.

7. Fewer expenses. While many people are struggling with job and income loss, staying at home means less money spent on transportation/commuting, entertainment, eating out, and the like.

