An 11-year-old girl from the city has donated her entire pocket money and also raised funds from her friends, family and ran an online campaign to provide relief to poor people affected by the ongoing lockdown. Class 6 student,Speaking to TOI Ridhi said, “I saw that there were several people struggling for basic necessities and hadn’t eaten for days. I decided to help them with my pocket money.” 
Her mother, Shilpa Vangapally said, “Ridhi made a list of the basic needs, the cost and how long supplies last for a family of four. She came up with a supply kit. She was initially able to raise Rs 1.3 lakh from family members which we used to supply 200 kits on April 2 with the help of Cyberabad police.” The family also started a crowdfunding page with Milaap where Ridhi wrote a letter urging people to contribute towards the cause. The crowdfunding platform helped Ridhi raise 6.2 lakh out of the total amount with the help of which she and her family are currently in the process of procuring around 1,000 kits for distribution. 

AHMEDABAD: On his 76th birthday, a man who has run 75 marathons
could have put up his feet for a richly deserved day of relaxation. But
Randhir Chauhan, instead of jogging his memory of triumphs, decided to
spot jog for 12 hours on his balcony.
For Chauhan, a Satellite resident, the feat of endurance on Friday was a
tribute to the frontline heroes in the war against Covid: doctors,
paramedics, police, and sanitation workers.
Chauhan, a former Gujarat police official who had settled in the US in his
70s, has participated in five ultra marathons, which involves running at
least 42km. In the Sher-E-Punjab marathon, Chauhan ran 210km over
three days.
The lockdown crunched his arena to his balcony, about 5 ft in length, but his spirit was unrestrained.
On March 21, reports emerged of Elisha Nochomovitz running 42.2km on the balcony of his apartment in the French city of
Toulouse. Nochomovitz's motivation was the same as Chauhan's, but Nochomovitz's balcony is 23 ft.



NEW DELHI: At Greater Kailash police station, you see an unusual sight
these days. At the public facilitation desk, three women constables can be
seen in the non-policing acts of cutting and sewing pieces of cloth on a
machine. The women are stitching face masks to be given free to those
who can’t afford to buy one. In the past week, the trio has fabricated over
200 masks and distributed them.
Constable Gudiya Devi, 26, cuts the cloth — pink in colour as symbolic of
woman power —into double-layered mask shapes and passes them on to
colleague constable Neelam Toppo, who checks the symmetry of the two
layers and hands them to constable Sunni Devi. It is Devi’s job to stitch the
mask on the sewing machine, and she happily does it because she has a
passion for tailoring.