Morgan Madison, age 18, Chandler, Arizona: 
I really wasn’t paying attention at all—I didn’t really care [about the virus]. Trump told us it was never going to hit the United States. He said there were like three cases. I thought I definitely wouldn't get it—if there are just a handful of cases, why would I be one? I work at a car dealership, and my GM got back from a seven-country tour, and four or five days after he got back I had a sore throat. Our receptionist got a horrible cough too. She just stopped coming to work. Last Monday, I got to my desk and just started hacking up a lung. My GM came in and said, “Clorox wipe your office and go home.” I woke up the next day and felt like trash. I felt I had inhaled glue. My throat was sticky. I was coughing. Lots of migraines. Horrible migraines. It just went from feeling great to taking a five-hour nap in the afternoon. There was dizziness and confusion. Sometimes I feel fine, then the coughing up a lung came back. There were a couple of times I’ll just be sitting on the floor hitting my inhaler.

Howard Yoon:
The next morning, like a storm clearing, I woke up and my fever was just gone. At 6 am, I was 98.4. I did a teledoc thing with a physician’s assistant that day. She told me maybe I didn’t have the coronavirus. The teledoc said stay quarantined for one more day. On Tuesday, I came back upstairs. I’d heard the MedStar in Adams Morgan, near where I live, was doing tests, and I went, but I evidently didn’t qualify. I needed to have a fever and a cough. Even though I had been with someone who tested positive, it wasn’t enough.

Morgan Madison:
My work and my boyfriend’s work require a positive test for us to be paid while we’re quarantined, but they don’t seem to understand that we literally will not be tested. I’ve had multiple episodes where I’ve been stuck laying on the floor, struggling to breath, head pounding, and sweating like I just ran a marathon, but I can’t afford a $30,000 hospital bill to go get an oxygen mask and still no test.

Rebekah Gee, CEO, Louisiana State University Health Care Services, in an interview Thursday with CNN’s New Day:
We’re fighting a war, and when you think about how you fight a war you need two things—you need to be equipped with what you need to fight that battle and you need personnel and strategy. Unfortunately, our equipment is starting to reduce. We’re a couple of days away from being out of masks. We’re buying gowns on eBay in some cases.

Craig Spencer:
Before you leave, you wipe EVERYTHING down. Your phone. Your badge. Your wallet. Your coffee mug. All of it. Drown it in bleach. Everything in a bag. Take no chances. Sure you got it all??? Wipe it down again. Can’t be too carefu